remove debug entry from execute command contents (#32489)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_33_22.md

#### Scripts

##### CommonServerPython

> - Fixed an issue in **execute_command** by remove debug entry from contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in **execute_command** where the command returns an unexpected empty debug entry when running on XSOAR version 8.x.
```

Author: added.
